
Privacy policy 

Our privacy policy took effect on September 10, 2020. This privacy policy can provide privacy details about how we manage your personal information disclosed when using all q302 motor products and services. 
If you have any questions, comments or suggestions, please contact us through the following ways: 
E-mail: aok@aoksz.com 
Tel: 0572-5717888 
Fax: 0572-5718327 

This policy will help you understand the following: 
1. How do we collect and apply your personal information 
2. How do we use cookies and similar technologies 
3. How do we share, transfer and publicly disclose your personal information 
4. How can we protect your personal information 
5. Your rights 
6. How do we process children's personal information 
7. How is your personal information transferred globally 
8. How to update this policy 
9. How to contact us 
[Guangdong Aoke Weiye Technology Development Co., Ltd.] (hereinafter referred to as "Aoke Weiye" or "we") knows the importance of personal information to you, and will do its best to protect your personal information safe and reliable. We are committed to maintaining your trust in US and protecting your personal information in accordance with the following principles: the principle of consistent rights and responsibilities, the principle of clear purpose, the principle of choice and consent, the principle of minimum sufficiency, the principle of ensuring security, the principle of subject participation, and the principle of openness and transparency. At the same time, Aoke Weiye promises that we will take corresponding security protection measures to protect your personal information according to the mature security standards of the industry. 
Please read and understand this privacy policy carefully before using our products (or services). 

How do we collect and use your personal information 
Personal information refers to all kinds of information recorded by electronic or other means, which can identify the identity of a specific natural person or reflect the activities of a specific natural person alone or in combination with other information. OCW will only collect and use your personal information for the following purposes as stated in this policy: 
Personal information refers to all kinds of information recorded by electronic or other means, which can identify the identity of a specific natural person or reflect the activities of a specific natural person alone or in combination with other information. OCW will only collect and use your personal information for the following purposes as stated in this policy: 


How can we share, transfer and publicly disclose your personal information 
（1） Share

We will not share your personal information with any company, organization or individual other than aokeweiye, except for the following situations:

1. Share with explicit consent: with your explicit consent, we will share your personal information with others.

2. We may share your personal information with others in accordance with laws and regulations or mandatory requirements of government departments.

3. Share with our subsidiaries: your personal information may be shared with OCW's affiliated companies. We will only share the necessary personal information and will be subject to the purposes stated in this privacy policy. If the affiliated company wants to change the processing purpose of personal information, it will ask for your authorization again.

4. Share with authorized partners: for the purposes stated in this policy only, some of our services will be provided by authorized partners. We may share some of your personal information with partners to provide better customer service and user experience. For example, when you purchase our products online, we have to share your personal information with the logistics service provider to arrange delivery, or arrange partners to provide services. We will only share your personal information for legitimate, legitimate, necessary, specific and explicit purposes, and only share personal information necessary to provide services. Our partners do not have the right to use the shared personal information for any other purpose.


At present, our authorized partners include the following types:

1) Authorized partner of advertising and analysis services. Unless we get your permission, we will not share your personal identity information (refers to the information that can identify you, such as your name or email address, through which you can contact or identify you) with partners who provide advertising and analysis services. We will provide these partners with information about their advertising coverage and effectiveness, not your personally identifiable information, or we will aggregate this information so that it will not identify you personally. For example, only after advertisers agree to abide by our advertising guidelines can we tell advertisers how effective their ads are, or how many people have seen their ads or installed apps after seeing them, or provide unidentified demographic information to these partners (for example, "a 25-year-old man in Beijing likes software development ”）To help them understand their audience or customers.

2) Suppliers, service providers and other partners. We send information to vendors, service providers and other partners who support our business globally, including providing technical infrastructure services, analyzing how our services are used, measuring the effectiveness of advertising and services, providing customer service, facilitating payment, or conducting academic research and research.

We will enter into strict confidentiality agreements with companies, organizations and individuals with whom we share personal information, requiring them to process personal information in accordance with our instructions, this Privacy Policy and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures.
（2） Assignment 
We will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization or individual except: 
1. Transfer with explicit consent: after obtaining your explicit consent, we will transfer your personal information to other parties; 
2. In the case of merger, acquisition or bankruptcy liquidation, if the transfer of personal information is involved, we will require the new company or organization holding your personal information to continue to be bound by this privacy policy; otherwise, we will require the company or organization to seek your authorization and consent again. 

（3） Public disclosure 
We will only disclose your personal information in the following circumstances: 
1. With your explicit consent; 
2. Disclosure based on Law: we may disclose your personal information publicly under the circumstances of laws, legal procedures, litigation or mandatory requirements of government authorities. 

How do we protect your personal information 
（1） We have used industry standard security measures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage or loss. We will take all reasonable and feasible measures to protect your personal information. We will use encryption technology to ensure the confidentiality of data; we will use trusted protection mechanisms to prevent malicious attacks on data; we will deploy access control mechanisms to ensure that only authorized personnel can access personal information; and we will conduct security and privacy protection training courses to enhance employees' awareness of the importance of protecting personal information. 
（2） We have obtained the following certification: CE, 3C, ISO9001, CB, FC, etc. 
（3） At the same time, our data security capabilities: big data application security management; identity authentication and access control; big data activity security management; big data infrastructure security management; big data system emergency response management. 
（4） We will take all reasonable and feasible measures to ensure that irrelevant personal information is not collected. We will only retain your personal information for the period required to achieve the purpose stated in this policy, unless the retention period needs to be extended or is permitted by law. When it is no longer necessary to retain information for legal, dispute resolution, enforcement of our agreements, or other business purposes, we will no longer retain personal information or eliminate the means to associate personal information with a particular individual.

（5） The Internet is not an absolutely secure environment, and e-mail, instant messaging, and communication with other XX users are not encrypted. We strongly recommend that you do not send personal information through such means. At the same time, please use complex password to help us ensure the security of your account.

（6） We will regularly update and make public the relevant contents of security risk and personal information security impact assessment reports. You can get it in the following ways: log in to app for query.

（7） The Internet environment is not 100% secure and we will try our best to ensure or guarantee the security of any information you send to us. If our physical, technical, or management protection facilities are damaged, resulting in unauthorized access, public disclosure, tampering, or destruction of information, resulting in the damage of your legitimate rights and interests, we will bear corresponding legal liabilities.

（8） After an unfortunate personal information security incident occurs, we will inform you in a timely manner according to the requirements of laws and regulations: the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the disposal measures we have taken or will take, the suggestions that you can independently prevent and reduce the risk, and the remedial measures for you, etc. We will promptly inform you of the relevant information by email, letter, telephone, push notification, etc. when it is difficult to inform the personal information subject one by one, we will release the announcement in a reasonable and effective way.

At the same time, we will also actively report the disposal of personal information security incidents in accordance with the requirements of regulatory authorities.


Your rights

In accordance with the relevant laws, regulations and standards of China, as well as the common practices of other countries and regions, we guarantee that you exercise the following rights to your personal information:


（1） Access to your personal information

You have the right to access your personal information, except for exceptions provided by laws and regulations. If you want to exercise data access, you can access it yourself in the following ways:

Account information - if you want to access or edit personal information and payment information in your account, change your password, add security information or close your account, you can do this through app.

Search information - you can search for information in Access or clear your search history, view and modify interests, and manage other data in.

……

If you are unable to access these personal information through the above links, you can contact us at any time by using our telephone number or sending an email to aok@aoksz.com 。 We will reply to your request within 30 days.

We will provide you with other personal information generated in the process of using our products or services as long as we do not need to invest too much. If you want to exercise data access, please email to aok@aoksz.com 。

（2） Correct your personal information

When you find that our personal information about you is wrong, you have the right to ask us to make corrections. You can apply for correction in the way listed in "(1) access to your personal information".

If you are unable to correct these personal information through the above links, you can contact us at any time by using our telephone number or by email to aok@aoksz.com 。 We will reply to your request for correction within 30 days.

（3） Delete your personal information

You can request us to delete personal information in the following situations:

1. If we deal with personal information in violation of laws and regulations;

2. If we collect and use your personal information without your consent;

3. If our handling of personal information violates the agreement with you;

4. If you no longer use our products or services, or you cancel your account;

5. If we no longer offer you products or services.

If we decide to respond to your request for deletion, we will also notify the entities that have obtained your personal information from us and ask them to delete them in a timely manner, unless otherwise stipulated by laws and regulations, or if these entities are authorized by you independently.

When you delete information from our service, we may not delete the corresponding information from the backup system immediately, but will delete the information when the backup is updated.


（4） Change the scope of your authorized consent

Each business function requires some basic personal information to complete (see "how we collect and use your personal information" section of this policy). For the collection and use of additional collected personal information, you can also give or withdraw your authorization at any time.

（5） Personal information subject cancels account

You can cancel the previously registered account at any time. You can operate by yourself in the following ways:

Log in to the app to operate or send us an email aok@aoksz.com

After the account is cancelled, we will stop providing products or services for you and delete your personal information according to your requirements, unless otherwise stipulated by laws and regulations.
（6） Personal information subject obtains copy of personal information

You have the right to obtain a copy of your personal information, and you can operate by yourself in the following ways:

Email us aok@aoksz.com On the premise that the technology is feasible, such as data interface matching, we can also directly transfer your personal information copy to the third party designated by you according to your requirements.


（7） Automatic decision making of constraint information system

In using app to operate motor function, we may only make decisions based on non manual automatic decision-making mechanism including information system and algorithm. If these decisions significantly affect your legitimate rights and interests, you have the right to ask us for an explanation, and we will provide appropriate remedies.


（8） Respond to your above request

To protect your safety, you may need to provide a written request before responding to your above request. We may also ask you to verify your identity before processing your request.

We will respond within 30 days. If you are not satisfied, you can also complain through the following channels:

Email us aok@aoksz.com

In principle, we will not charge you for your reasonable request, but we will charge a certain cost for repeated requests beyond the reasonable limit. We may reject requests that are unreasonably repetitive, require excessive technical means (e.g., the need to develop new systems or radically change existing practices), pose a risk to the legitimate rights and interests of others, or are highly impractical (e.g., involving information stored on backup tapes).

We will not be able to respond to your request under the following circumstances:

1. Directly related to national security and national defense security;

2. Directly related to public safety, public health and major public interests;

3. It is directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgment;

4. There is sufficient evidence to show that you have subjective malice or abuse of rights;

5. Responding to your request will cause serious damage to the legitimate rights and interests of you or other individuals and organizations.

6. Involving trade secrets.


How do we process children's personal information

Our products, websites and services are mainly for adults. Children are not allowed to create their own user accounts without the consent of their parents or guardians.

For the collection of children's personal information with the consent of parents, we will only use or disclose such information to the extent permitted by law, with the explicit consent of parents or guardians, or necessary for the protection of children. Although local laws and customs have different definitions of children, we regard anyone under 14 years of age as a child.

If we find that we have collected personal information about children without the prior consent of verifiable parents, we will try to delete the relevant data as soon as possible.
How is your personal information transferred globally

In principle, the personal information we collect and generate within the people's Republic of China will be stored in the people's Republic of China.

Since we provide products or services through resources and servers all over the world, this means that your personal information may be transferred to or accessed from foreign jurisdictions in the countries / regions where you use the products or services after obtaining your authorized consent.

Such jurisdictions may have different data protection laws or even no relevant laws. In such cases, we will ensure that your personal information is adequately and equally protected within the people's Republic of China. For example, we will ask for your consent to cross-border transfer of personal information, or implement security measures such as data De identification before cross-border data transfer.


How to update this policy

Our privacy policy may change. We will not reduce your rights under this privacy policy without your explicit consent. We will post any changes to this policy on this page. For major changes, we will also provide more significant notices (including for some services, we will send notices via email to explain the specific changes of privacy policy).


Major changes referred to in this policy include but are not limited to:

1. Our service model has changed significantly. For example, the purpose of personal information processing, the type of personal information processing, the use of personal information, etc;

2. We have made significant changes in ownership structure, organizational structure, etc. Such as the change of owners caused by business adjustment, bankruptcy and merger, etc;

3. The main objects of personal information sharing, transfer or public disclosure have changed;

4. Significant changes have taken place in your right to participate in the processing of personal information and the way in which you exercise it;

5. When the Department responsible for handling personal information security, contact information and complaint channels change;

6. When the personal information security impact assessment report indicates that there is a high risk.


We will also file older versions of this policy for your reference.


How to contact us

If you have any questions, comments or suggestions about this privacy policy, please contact us through the following ways:

Email us aok@aoksz.com

We have set up a dedicated department for personal information protection (or personal information protection specialist). You can contact them through the following ways:

Tel: 0572-5717888

Generally, we will reply within 30 days.

If you are not satisfied with our reply, especially if our personal information processing behavior has damaged your legitimate rights and interests, you can also seek solutions through the following external channels:

Thank you for reading our privacy policy!
